you know earlier tonight from Barclays
Center in Brooklyn they had the NBA
Draft and there was no better place to
see men in suits and hats with the tags
still on them than the NBA Draft Zion
Williamson from Duke was the number one
pick he went to the pelicans that's been
expected for months the real surprise
was at number two our very own Guillermo
was headed to the Memphis Grizzlies we
did something fun at the last game in
the NBA Finals we went to Oakland for
Game six which you know went down to the
wire now fans paid to get in an average
of fifty eight hundred dollars again in
the day of the game and our goal was to
see how much of it we could make the
miss we want to see how long we can keep
Warriors fans out of their seats in the
final minutes of the final game ever at
Oracle Arena
[Music]
this is the last game against concrete
you guys so much better seats to be
there to look right in there and say
last game at Oracle it's gonna be
historical where the Warriors won
wedding the weather was cold weather the
weather was hot they weather the weather
whatever the weather whether you like it
or not here we go last game and Oracle
it's going to be a storm ready I got you
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one
[Music]
[Applause]
gosh your nachos you loved your nachos
oh my god there's one there's eighteen
seconds up guys your feelings you let
your feelings your emotional feelings
Jorma last day at Oracle is gonna be
historical when the Warriors win can you
prescribe this weather
[Applause]
let's say a few moment that you guys are
so close last game in Oracle it's going
to be historical where the Warriors win
whether the weather is cold or whether
the weather is high will weather the
weather whatever the weather whether you
like it or not take a look on the couch
in 10 9 20 19 18 17 16 5 4
[Music]
[Applause]
the weather whether you like it or not
this is the whole day
[Applause]
most Outsiders awkward sick centers
there's none good time left there's not
there's nine point six seconds which is
a lifetime in an NBA game warriors win
what's that one two three we're the
Warriors win whether it was cold or hot
weather the weather no matter the
weather whether you like it or not
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry